# Fwitter Group Project

## Objectives

1. Build a full scale Sinatra application that uses:

+ A sqlite database
+ ActiveRecord
+ RESTful routes
+ Sessions
+ Login/Logout

## Overview

The goal of this project is to build Fwitter (aka Flatiron Twitter).

 
Just like with Twitter, a user should not be able to take any actions (except sign-up), unless they are logged in. Once a user is logged in, they should be able to create, edit and delete their own tweets, as well as view all the tweets.

There are controller tests to make sure that you build the appropriate controller actions that map to the correct routes.

## Instructions

### File Structure

```
├── CONTRIBUTING.md
├── Gemfile
├── Gemfile.lock
├── LICENSE.md
├── README.md
├── Rakefile
├── app
│   ├── controllers
│   │   └── application_controller.rb
│   ├── models
│   │   ├── tweet.rb
│   │   └── user.rb
│   └── views
│       ├── index.erb
│       ├── layout.erb
│       ├── tweets
│       │   ├── create_tweet.erb
│       │   ├── edit_tweet.erb
│       │   ├── show_tweet.erb
│       │   └── tweets.erb
│       └── users
│           ├── create_user.erb
│           └── login.erb
│           └── show.erb
├── config
│   └── environment.rb
├── config.ru
├── db
│   ├── development.sqlite
│   ├── migrate
│   │   ├── 20151124191332_create_users.rb
│   │   └── 20151124191334_create_tweets.rb
│   ├── schema.rb
│   └── test.sqlite
└── spec
    ├── controllers
    │   └── application_controller_spec.rb
    └── spec_helper.rb
```

### Gemfile and environment.rb

This project is supported by Bundler and includes a `Gemfile`.

Run bundle install before getting started on the project.

`environment.rb` loads all the code in your project along with Bundler.  
do not edit this file. When you see require_relative `../config/environment`, that is how your environment and code are loaded.

### Models
create two models in `app/models`, 
  User < ActiveRecord::Base
    has_many :tweets
  end
  Tweet < ActiveRecord::Base
    belongs_to :user
  end

### Migrations
create two migrations 
  create the users table
  create tweets table

  create_table  :users do |t|
   t.string :username 
   t.string :email
   t.string :password
  end

  // Tweets should have content, belong to a user.
  create_table :tweets do |t|
   t.belongs_to :user 
   t.string content
  end

### Associations
 set up the relationship between users and tweets.

### Home Page

controller action to load the home page.  create a view that will eventually link to both a login page and signup page. The homepage should respond to a GET request to `/`.

 add the Signup link to the home page.
### Create Tweet

 create two controller actions, one to load the create tweet form, and one to process the form submission. The tweet should be created and saved to the database. The form should be loaded via a GET request to `/tweets/new` and submitted via a POST to `/tweets`.

### Show Tweet

 create a controller action that displays the information for a single tweet. 
 controller action respond to a GET request to `/tweets/:id`.
 create an edit link on the tweet show page.

### Edit Tweet

  The form to edit a tweet should be loaded via a GET request to `/tweets/:id/edit`. 
  The form should be submitted via a POST request to `/tweets/:id`.


### Delete Tweet
 The form to delete a tweet should be found on the tweet show page.
 The delete form doesn't need to have any input fields, just a submit button.
 The form to delete a tweet should be submitted via a POST request to `tweets/:id/delete`.

### Sign Up
  The controller action that processes the form submission should create the user and save it to the database.
The form to sign up should be loaded via a GET request to `/signup` and submitted via a POST request to `/signup`.

The signup action should also log the user in and add the `user_id` to the sessions hash.


### Log In

one to display the form to log in and 
The form to login should be loaded via a GET request to `/login` 

one to log add the `user_id` to the sessions hash.
and submitted via a POST request to `/login`.

### Log Out
 create a controller action to process a GET request to `/logout` to log out. 
 The controller action should clear the session hash

### Protecting The Views

 make sure that no one can create, read, edit or delete any tweets.

 create two helper methods `current_user` and `logged_in?`.  use these helper methods to block content if a user is not logged in.

 A user can only modify their own tweets.

